you look at the LTV with the Packard Bell to there it 200 Vogts the comma
1 inch screen reflective and
who will be commuting in Ahaus Troche's usage phase today
one and just have to this time just this here
nicely remove cover of their underside
so it is also screw once here have a screw just so the room
can remove
too sour store already Kant or three screws so the hard drive
change
or want to exchange the Bluetooth w-lan chip optically one
Screw loose made we can see
the problem is that it can not be done easily or should you
can easily enter with the finger
and it can not lift off too high but rather short BMI which is why I am always here
my
the legal one plastic card
open anyway
So after it's screwed on
It's easy to do that and then we're sure we have one
In this case, maximum installed tram are two possible ddr2 so-dimm memory easy
as always
once right once too left too much
with hall cover or helped
a grid here up or to the side push
then comes out already and we can see we have one
Nolan company
built around a former one
with Samsung chips so song contest finally good
and yes wanted to use it
the short side must be left just beautiful here
stuck so that you almost no longer see the contacts here and then
press down
that is a burden
and then you have to go shit the new Peugeot Black remains after you
Building death is because it is not far enough already have one and the
Contact is not good in it
otherwise
then again here
Put on plastic cover
Press dry ice
SuS Schönberg naked and then another screw
and the wars then even if Ramos research
to exchange data as already mentioned just here are three
Loosen screws
would not necessarily come out of here you see it still still infected
a little stupid
"I think I screwed some of them back in
turn around
and so they will not just screwed up so much used unscrewed
are
could either go here with your finger
this sounds like something easier had to be locked
and then this cover could decrease more
and therefore we are struggling here to bring the HDD here
to compete with voters the interesting thing is that there was one more
Percent other Peci Express suicide
So here you could theoretically still one
ASTM it's never completely short installation
or possibly a UMTS to engines
when of course you can also the w-lan and Bluetooth piece completely
Honolulu in the solid build
or as with the soulful two pci-express
despite being very nice for me
Hard drive is quite easy even after he has made this cover
remove because you just have to back on this Plastiki
pull tight
and then it looks like the hard drive is coming out slowly
and there she is already has 460 work with 5000 revolutions
produced in December 2009
so it's really not hard at Packard Bell dot s
to exchange the offal, above all, it is good that the percentage here
Board can still be installed now I unfortunately can there for
test
with four screws I'm not completely satisfied
if that goes far enough to accept the other screws
to all also freely visible
but that does not necessarily mean I'll maybe take a few pictures too
we do not do that
to that come here yet underscore subscribers but as it
actually not necessary because you could get what you need everywhere
that was ballast even with other TV and the Packard Bell dot s 2 now I show
you still
fast one man
All over the year we would have to rattle the first time and then
Altenwald performances
and screw together
even if the climax comes you will find more tutorials and the TuS
Wrapping Packard Bell dot that was natural
and
yes sports again when it says
very cool and boxing
Percent see that